archer v2: fixed fetch times and timzone (#10247)
demisto/content: Packs/ArcherRSA/Integrations/ArcherV2/README.md

3. Click **Add instance** to create and configure a new integration instance.

## Clarifications  

> The timezone (offset) parameter should be used if the Cortex XSOAR server and Archer's server arn't in the same time zone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The timezone (offset) parameter should be used if the Cortex XSOAR server and Archer's server are not in the same time zone.
```
